# Shazamm
Project carried out as part of our 2nd year of bachelor's degree in Mathematics and Computer Science Applied to Human and Social Sciences.  
Java application to play the game Shazamm created by Philippe des Pallières and François Bruel.

When the program is launched, a first window appears, with several buttons. The player can start the game by pressing the "Play" or "Play (multiple screens)" button, depending on his computer setup. 
The game proceeds in the same way as a board game. The players must first enter their name (the two names must be different). Then the game is divided into rounds, where players take turns entering the number of mana points they wish to wager, and then selecting the spells they wish to play (if they wish to play any). 
The players stand on a bridge, made up of tiles. Between them is a fire, and both players are 3 steps away from the fire. 
Spell selection is done through a series of popup windows. The player will first be asked if he wants to cast a spell. If he confirms, he will see the list of available spells, in the form of an opening list. If he has selected a spell, the program will offer him to read the description of the spell (Help), or to cast the spell. If the player reads the help, he will then return to the previous window. If the player chooses to cast the spell, the spell will be played during this round. In either case, the player can cancel to return to the previous window, and if the player presses "No" in the first window, then the spell selection stops. 
The player winning the round will be determined by their wager. The player with the highest bet wins the round, and pushes the fire one square towards their opponent. If either player is hit by the flames (i.e., is in the same position as the flames), the round ends, everyone moves three steps away from the fire, all their mana points are returned to the players, and the bridge they are standing on collapses at both ends (one tile falls on each side). The player who manages to push his opponent off the bridge wins the game.
